#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
amqp==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
astroid==2.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   zeep
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
    #   sphinx
backoff==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
bleach==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
bok-choy==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
boto3==1.20.32
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
botocore==1.23.32
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
celery==4.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pynacl
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   diff-cover
charset-normalizer==2.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
configparser==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage[toml]==6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pytest-cov
crypto==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
cryptography==3.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   social-auth-core
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   premailer
cssutils==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   premailer
cybersource-rest-client-python==0.0.21
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
datetime==4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
ddt==1.4.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   redis
diff-cover==6.4.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-config-models
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-extra-views
    #   django-filter
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-oscar
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-solo
    #   django-tables2
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-sites-extensions
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-rbac
    #   jsonfield2
    #   rest-condition
    #   xss-utils
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-compressor==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-libsass
django-config-models==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crispy-forms==1.13.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extra-views==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-haystack==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-libsass==0.9
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
django-oscar==2.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-phonenumber-field==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-simple-history==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-tables2==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-threadlocals==0.10
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
django-waffle==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
django-webtest==1.9.9
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-datatables
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   rest-condition
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
djangorestframework-datatables==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-sites-extensions==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==4.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-config-models
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-drf-extensions==6.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-ecommerce-worker==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-i18n-tools==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-rbac==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-rest-api-client==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
edx-sphinx-theme==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/docs.txt
enum34==1.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
extras==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   python-subunit
    #   testtools
factory-boy==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
faker==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
fixtures==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   testtools
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
funcsigs==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwkest
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.26
    # via transifex-client
idna==2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-randomly
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
ipaddress==1.0.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
isort==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreschema
    #   diff-cover
    #   sphinx
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield2==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
kombu==4.6.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
lazy==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bok-choy
lazy-object-proxy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
libsass==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-libsass
linecache2==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   traceback2
logger==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
lxml==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   premailer
    #   zeep
markdown==2.6.9
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
monotonic==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
mysqlclient==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
naked==0.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   crypto
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
ndg-httpsclient==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
newrelic==7.2.4.171
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nose==1.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
    #   redis
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
paramiko==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
path==16.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
path-py==7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
paypalrestsdk==1.13.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pbr==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   fixtures
    #   stevedore
    #   testtools
phonenumbers==8.12.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
pillow==9.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   zeep
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
polib==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
premailer==2.9.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
ptvsd==4.3.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
purl==1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-oscar
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   rsa
    #   x509
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycountry==17.1.8
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pycryptodome==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pycryptodomex==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   pyjwkest
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   sphinx
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.12.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   paramiko
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   ndg-httpsclient
    #   paypalrestsdk
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   packaging
pypi==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-variables
pytest-base-url==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-html==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
pytest-metadata==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-html
pytest-randomly==3.11.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-selenium==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-timeout==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-variables==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   botocore
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-mimeparse==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python-slugify==4.0.1
    # via transifex-client
python-subunit==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python-toolbox==1.0.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2016.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   datetime
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-datatables
    #   zeep
pywatchman==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   naked
rcssmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   coreapi
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   naked
    #   paypalrestsdk
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   slumber
    #   social-auth-core
    #   sphinx
    #   stripe
    #   transifex-client
    #   zeep
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   zeep
responses==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
rest-condition==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
rjsmin==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-compressor
rsa==4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
rules==3.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bok-choy
    #   pytest-selenium
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
shellescape==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   crypto
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   bcrypt
    #   bleach
    #   bok-choy
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   django-extra-views
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-ecommerce-worker
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
    #   fixtures
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   libsass
    #   paypalrestsdk
    #   purl
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   requests-file
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   social-auth-core
    #   tenacity
    #   tox
    #   transifex-client
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sorl-thumbnail==12.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   edx-sphinx-theme
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   sphinx
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
stripe==1.70.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
tenacity==6.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
testfixtures==6.18.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
testtools==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   fixtures
    #   python-subunit
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
    #   python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomli==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coverage
tox==3.14.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox-battery
tox-battery==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
traceback2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
transifex-client==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/docs.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   selenium
    #   transifex-client
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
virtualenv==16.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
waitress==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   webtest
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   bleach
webob==1.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-webtest
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
x509==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
xss-utils==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
zeep==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
zope-interface==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cybersource-rest-client-python
    #   datetime

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
